Things I can think of that I can write specifics of are: various hiking trails of course, the specific camera I operate (though, there would be several aspects of its innerworkings I would need to look up), and details about places I have traveled. 

For example, outside of Cusco, Peru in the Sacred Valley is a village by the name of Chincheros. I lived here alone for a few months and came to learn where nearly each road or path in the area lead to. My best discovery was a lonely church high up on a hill (and at about 12,000 feet elevation). To get there, I left my house in the village and walked South along the "highway" for about 2 miles. After passing a lone internet cafe on the right, I turned left on an unnamed road by an all glass restaurant. The road leads way beyond these last traces of business, past farms, a lake, lots of cattle, and various other landmarks. After 2-3 miles on this dirt road, there will be a fork in the road. The spoiler is that it is all connected and loop back to itself, but the shorter route is to the right. I passed alongside a very impressive plot of land, what they were growing I am not sure of, and it was typical to see the Quechuan people working in the fields. Here, seemingly out of nowhere, is a very intimate village. I was once told the name but I can't think of it now. I have since searched for it online but have never found more information. There are many houses, and a small grocery store. At the end of "main street", I took a left which ultimately lead to the chapel on the hill. Its exterior architecture is phenomenal, and it was so desolate and quiet I assumed it was not in operation. Spoiler: it was. And I experienced a funeral there soon after. 
